What is DecoraterBot???
-----------------------

DecoraterBot is an extendable discord bot made in python that is
constantly going through changes when and all possible. It goes to many
fixes and goes through a lot of things that are planned. The bot is open
source and any and all commands can be edited or removed at any time.
New commands in the form of plugins can be added as well via github. A
plugin installation system is also in the works as well as an voice
channel plugin rewrite to allow multiple servers and 5 more players per
voice channel than before (will be up to 15 max from 10 per voice
channel).

Rewrite
-------

The Voice plugin rewrite has no ETA as it would need tons of testing
before pushing to github at all when I get to changing any of the
commands. If I change the class that should help make it work the way I
plan that will be pushed but I will not test it until it starts getting
used when I rewrite the commands on it.

*Note: Any commands could break at any time from discord.py updates. So,
if you find no command or most commands not working then that means that
those commands use functions or methods that got broken or removed or
even renamed. It just takes time in case of updates as I do not always
use them all the time to make sure they all work. There is a rewrite
happening for fears that the discord.py rewrite when released would
crash the bot at any moment's notice.*

Developer
---------

Because I (the developer) have been experiencing an hard time lately. I
would regret to have to add an 5$ monthly subscription to the bot in
order to use some commands like the Voice Channel commands. But even
then I cant setup an legit paypal account yet to be able to get money
from my bot. Instead I would like for people to at least donate instead.
Every bit of money for me (the developer) helps make me be able to get
good things like fast internet, a server for the bot, etc. After all my
bot would need tons of resources which would make the bot's costs very
high. Not to mention I have hardly any home to be at. Hopefully with
enough donations it can help cover the bot's costs and also help get my
mom and I get an home to live in.
